banks have been caught red-handed as
they persist in stealing clients money
they have done so all because of the
increased desire for corporate profits a
greed a lust for more now employees from
all five of the big banks in Canada have
come forward and given specific details
of the criminality going on from the
inside well you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you let's get
into what has happened in Canada but I
assure you this is going on globally
let's get into it right away I'm sure
you have heard about this already
especially if you're in Canada I wanted
to do my own little expose on it so
basically CBC has something called go
public and individuals can you know
contact them and then they can bring
this out into the public is spotlight
CBC report earlier this week about TD
employees now remember TD is where it
started
but then it expanded TD employees
pressured to meet high sales revenue
goals has touched off a firestorm of
reaction from TD employees across the
country some of whom admit they have
broken the law at their customers
expense in a desperate bid to meet sales
targets and keep their jobs now I'm not
going to obviously read the whole
article for you but essentially what we
have is more corporate profits needed
the management pushes the individuals to
become more like salesmen instead of
customer service and this has been a
very big problem throughout beginning
with TD then we find out actually in
fact it's all of the banks that are
doing this and I'm sure if you go
through and see all the others in in the
US the UK and and so on you will find
the same thing I hope that we get these
type of reports and of course if I do
run into them I will bring that out you
know this article does continue on but
I'd like to show you another
interconnected one employees from
all five of Canada's big banks have
flooded go public with stories of how
they feel pressure to upsell trick
that's the difference and even why the
customers to meet unrealistic sales
targets to keep their jobs that's the
difference look if you want to be a
pressure salesman like some of the used
car salesmen out there I don't agree
with that tactic but at least it's fair
the person agrees to it but in these
articles you will read the quotes how
they say specifically that they did not
get approval from the individual and
they went ahead and did it anyway I'll
try to give you a few examples as we
move through they're getting calls in
basically saying to the Parliament
saying you know you've got to
investigate this is not allowed in
nearly 1,000 emails employees from RBC
Buell CIBC TV and Scotia across all of
Canada describe the pressures to hit the
targets under the weekly daily and in
some cases hourly management is down
your throat all the time they want you
to hit your numbers and it doesn't
matter how so we have it being a
widespread problems not one individual
bank it's not one particular area okay
so we know it's the banking industry at
least in Canada that is affected by this
look at this I was forced to put her in
debt I mean you want to read this thing
you just wanna it makes you sick a
former CIBC call center worker and
Halifax that her manager pressured her
to sell a two hundred and fifty thousand
dollar line of credit to an 82 year old
woman who just called to arrange a small
loan for her son she said I trust you
dear and I was forced to put her in debt
alright now how does this work basically
she said this if I didn't say the right
words looking down here she made sure I
put my client on hold and coached me
saying quote sell to them or
you will lose your job and even if this
is sort of you know exaggerated they
make you feel this way anyone in the in
the financial industry or most
industries in fact even if it's not said
in those words you know what they're
talking about you know what management
says when they say you know the bosses
they don't like when you do that the
bosses do this and they try to just you
know take themselves out of the picture
meanwhile you know it's just the way it
works one boss tells another boss tells
another boss and this and that there's a
corporate ladder and they all or
compartmentalised and they all tell you
that it's not them it's the guy above
them and then you know it gets the the
pressure off but we know what's
happening let's move on here and TD Bank
shares drop the most since 2009 after
this happened and for good reason
because people are worried okay if
they're doing that I want my money out
of this bank and of course they find out
that it's all the bank's oops
right and you you look at it where do
you put your money these individuals
non-sophisticated investors they don't
know they don't know what's happening
they think the banks are the best place
to put your money that's the safest
place according to them and a lot of
people are going to be hurt by the
bank's practices this is related to one
individual company look anyway I want to
go back just for a moment and just say
some of the other things that they were
doing they would for example accounts if
you keep a minimum of let's say five
thousand dollars in your account you
will not be charged a fee but if you go
under that they then will charge you
this much monthly fee so a lot of people
they keep their monthly minimums so what
people were doing a lot of times was
saying first of all we'll increase your
credit limit and
say well you know no need whatever and
they just do it anyway most people
wouldn't necessarily complain about that
and if they do that you know that they
do but they just go ahead and just
increase people's credit limits or they
go and do all these nefarious practices
for example it's one lady they said that
they realize she always kept a big
balance in her account it was over that
$5,000 amount so they slipped her into a
new account which would consider be
considered an upsell hoping that you
know she'll never go below that $5,000
limit than the first month she does she
calls in and says excuse me I'm being
charged this fee why is that the case
and they said well you were you know you
put it into a new account and that's it
and they said you know the individual
said well I didn't say that I didn't
give approval for that me well
apparently you did and that's sort of
the thing that was happening all of
these tricky tricky games that they were
playing on people and it's actually
charging people this way and look how
many people would not be able to you
know they're too busy or maybe they
thought that they did it themselves and
this and that and they get screwed over
for the money they're taking money and
it's not even in in sort of an
inflationary measure it's not a bail in
I mean they're just going and stealing
from clients now on the lower level
that's how they do this no different
than what has happened in through all
the industries okay so this individual
company here is just one I'm just
showing you just one during the
financial crisis they had sub-prime
mortgages that's sort of like with a
spark that threw everything off subprime
mortgages the worst of the worst and you
they've they bundled them bundle them
all together and were actually raided by
the agencies rating agencies rated
triple-a okay because they said it was
so diversified you're talking about car
loans you're talking about mortgages
you're talking about credit card debt
and it's not just from one place okay
you had it from North Dakota you had it
from Florida California geographically
just spread all out you had the type of
debt being spread all out I mean this is
diversified as it gets unfortunately
that really was a big mistake and
everything came tumbling down because
they realized this is all garbage
oops okay so now we are heading back
into that yet again and you know this
basically just shows they saying it
they're saying it's better this time
it's not so dangerous than that I'm not
gonna get into the article but we're
heading in that same direction yet again
it's becoming something that they're
picking up on because why because
they're always in demand for more profit
and if you put it into it you know
German bonds you're not going to get
that return you want in fact you may be
getting negative return so they go and
risky or riskier and riskier assets and
this is the kind of thing that you get
now the reason I mentioned this is
because why aren't they doing anything
why aren't they protecting people when
you put money in the bank you know it
has to be protected all these practices
they need to be investigated and they
need to get in big big trouble
unfortunately that's not going to happen
maybe a little slap on the wrist but
here is a perfect example of why when
you have the rating agencies labeling
garbage as triple-a you know that the
corruption runs right through this
alright one more example of this
do you remember during the financial
crisis mr. Paulson right it became
Treasury secretary and with shares of
Goldman Sachs becoming Treasury before
becoming Treasury secretary if you ever
wanted to sell them he would have to pay
two hundred million dollars but by
becoming Treasury secretary
he was required by law to sell them and
so what a blessing as they say here that
he was able to do that
get in get a nice two hundred million
dollar tax break and give himself a nice
bonus and that's the way this works the
criminality in this system is very
apparent this happens to be the u.s. but
obviously it's going on in Canada as
well and we know the LIBOR scandal has
happened previously it's all been you
know out in the open all right and then
sort of interconnected with that is the
housing market people have contacted me
over the years talking about the housing
market in the places that they live look
at the example of Canada what an
astronomical amount that this has come
up
I believe this article mentioned 23's is
right there right there twenty three
percent in the past year twenty three
percent in housing that's a bumble Nona
ask any Canadian ask anyone from Toronto
is the market in a bubble ninety nine
percent of people will say no I mean
that's if you're not from Toronto you're
from wherever else typical a typical
city life but in other countries okay
and somebody tells you that is this a
bubble twenty three percent
year-over-year increase and the prices
in the Greater Toronto Area so basically
the the area surrounding Toronto seven
hundred twenty seven thousand dollars
seven hundred twenty seven thousand
dollars prices have increased 23% year
over year and they are saying it's not a
bubble okay the articles talking about
these reports that say yes it is a
bubble however the people the
individuals are saying no no no no I
need to get in I need to get in if I
need to buy a house I can't afford it
I'm just gonna get in I'm just gonna
take on way too much debt I can handle
it okay
that's what
and the banks are willing to give up the
the mortgages there's no problem there
absolutely no problem and you may not
know where these areas are but Barry for
example okay has become a very hot
market 30 percent year-over-year so
imagine this place Barry which is you
know from the downtown core of Toronto
would take you depending on the traffic
let's say an hour and a half to two
hours north you just drive just north
think about that nearly two hours away
prices are rising 30% year over a year
that's the kind of bubble they are
experiencing and why isn't anything
being done to stifle this because they
regulate which they want to and they
will not regulate that which they don't
when the banking industry is going crazy
creating all this subprime and all these
derivatives and they're creating fraud
quadrillions and derivatives oh no no no
they're allowed to do that but when it
comes time to people being unable to
afford homes
nothing's able to be done nothing
sensible but when it comes to you know
giving individuals lower taxation and
everything else oh well we can't do that
sorry yeah no not not possible anyway
you see where I'm going with this video
your money is not safe in the banking
industry I want to talk about this to
individuals there's always a bunch a
bunch of people who come out and say
shut up and try to put this down the
reason I tell you this information is
because I'm legitimately concerned if
you want to know my personal stance I
sold my last bit of paper my stocks on
December 31st 2007 in anticipation of a
worsening economy
I happened to get that one right I
haven't bought any since I could have
made a lot of money had I bought since
March 2000 if I had predicted March 2009
to purchase sure I could have made some
money had I sold but I feel very
confident in what I've done and I worked
towards my own plan which is called the
money GPS strategy you've heard it
before if not check out the video that I
have about my new book the global
economic collapse anyway that's it for
this video if you found that informative
please give me a thumbs up and last but
not least if you found the video
informative let me know you will find my
books the money GPS and global economic
collapse even more informative at Amazon
they have a look inside feature that
will allow you to flip through the pages
of the books and see if you like it take
care